[Fleet/EA] Logstash & Kafka Outputs refresh (#1306)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-settings-output-kafka.asciidoc

Specify these settings to send data over a secure connection to Kafka. In the {fleet} <<output-settings,Output settings>>, make sure that the Kafka output type is selected. 

> == Kafka output and using Logstash to index data to Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Kafka output and using {ls} to index data to {es}
```

If you are considering using {ls} to ship the data from `kafka` to {es}, please
be aware Elastic is not currently testing this kind of setup.

The structure of the documents sent from {agent} to `kafka` must not be modified by {ls}.
We suggest disabling `ecs_compatibility` on both the `kafka` input and the `json` codec.

> Refer to {ls} output for {agent} for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <<ls-output-settings,{ls} output for {agent}>> documentation for more details.
```
This will add a link to the Fleet [Logstash output page](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/ls-output-settings.html).
